README.md, before:


# DiscordChannelSpammer
 A simple bot that spams a discord channel every 0.8 seconds. Keep in mind you have to host this bot on your own, we reccommend repl.it if you are going to host a bot or any other python application.
---
___

# LICENSE
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 lucaso60

Copyright (c) 2015-present Rapptz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
_____

This code is using a library called discord.py by Copyright (c) 2015-present Rapptz, his project is also licensed under the MIT License. 
Rapptz repository is in https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py.
_______________

# How to use
- Download Python from python.org
- Install discord.py using pip: pip `install discord.py` / `pip3 install discord.py`
- Click and run the luancher.py.
- Remember to have a your bot TOKEN from https://discord.com/developers/applications
- Also remember that you have to get the channel id by turning on developer mode in discord in settings under advanced.
----
# Contact
You can contact me at lucasoAlt@outlook.com.

Commit message:

updated readme to support pycord

README.md, after:


# DiscordChannelSpammer
 A simple bot that spams a discord channel every 0.8 seconds. Keep in mind you have to host this bot on your own, we reccommend repl.it, if you are going to host a bot or any other python application. Keep in mind this python app is used at your own risk.
---
___

# LICENSE
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 lucaso60

Copyright (c) 2015-present Rapptz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
_____

This code is using a library called discord.py by Copyright (c) 2015-present Rapptz, his project is also licensed under the MIT License. 
Rapptz repository is in https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py.

Discord.py was recently discontinued by it's owner Rapptz, and his affiliates. Therefore you can use a fork of this framework called pycord, you can find this at https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord. :)
_______________

# How to use
- Download Python from python.org
- Install discord.py or pycord using pip: `pip install discord.py` or `pip3 install discord.py` for discord.py and `pip install py-cord` or `pip install -U git+https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord` for pycord, remember that using pip installs with git+ means that you have to have git installed.
- Click and run the luancher.py.
- Remember to have a your bot TOKEN from https://discord.com/developers/applications
- Also remember that you have to get the channel id by turning on developer mode in discord, in settings under advanced.
- Thank you for using our app. :)
----
# Contact
You can contact me at lucasoAlt@outlook.com.
